For 100 years after The Fall, the people of [[Shaal’Rond]] remained largely undisturbed. There were reports of horrible monstrosities laying waste to entire regions from the Empire, but nothing of the sort had been sighted in the whole of the continent. With the prophetic warnings of the [[Yrilari]], the political turmoil in the [[Goldmoors]] (now governed by a distant heir of the old [[Gamari Caliphate]] yet still “under imperial sovereignty”) and the reports of small skirmishes already breaking out in the [[Aegyric Sea]], the Nastel’Radhymar [[Triumvirate]] formed. An alliance of mutual defense, open borders, flourishing trade relationships, and individual, regional  sovereignty. Together they drove back the [[First Scourging]] of the [[Viridian Hordes]] and prospered for for nearly two centuries, though by this time the world beyond the [[Radhymar River Valley]] was largely unknown, save for the [[Halooda Marshes]] to the south, and it was assumed and occasionally proven that any travel beyond the continent, or even to the far east, was unlikely to be survived. Eventually, the [[Second Scourging]] came to [[Shaal’Rond]], and the death toll was startling to all involved. The [[New Gamari Caliphs]] raged against the [[Yrilari]] and the [[Nyr’Alel]] Tribes for not committing enough men to the front lines. The [[Nyr’Alel]] chided those who would not take the offer to retreat and be housed in the [[Lir’Et’Traala]] for their foolishness, and the [[Rhadhymani City-States]] divided into those who finally accepted the offer of refuge, and those who remained, becoming the [[New Gamari Caliphate]].  Little is known of what became of the [[New Gamari Caliphate]], as there remains a bitter animosity and breach of contact between them and the [[Nyrwimar]] to this day.